feat: add summary for #288 (#343)
OurTechCommunity/catchup: summary/sessions/288/content.adoc

Date: 16-05-2026

Duration: 1 hr 39 mins

==== Topics Discussed

> * Ayush More and Ayush had a discussion about open-source contributions, specifically focusing on the GNU project and how to get involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ayush More and Ayush S had a discussion about open-source contributions, specifically focusing on the link:https://www.gnu.org[GNU^] project and how to get involved.
```

> * The group talked about upcoming local tech meetups in Mumbai, including events for Nvidia India, Claude Mumbai, the Claude Mumbai Hackathon, and KubeCon India.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The group talked about upcoming local tech meetups in Mumbai, including events for Nvidia India, the Claude Mumbai Hackathon, and [KubeCon](link:https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-india[KubeCon + CloudNativeCon India^]).
```

> * Ayush (not Ayush More) did a deep dive into link:https://github.com/libfuse/libfuse[libfuse^] and file systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ayush S did a deep dive into link:https://github.com/libfuse/libfuse[libfuse^] and file systems.
```

>     ** He shared his experience building a custom libfuse filesystem and utilizing `sshfs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** He shared his experience building a custom libfuse filesystem and utilizing link:https://github.com/libfuse/sshfs[SSHFS Repository^].
```

* Nabeel Parker, founder of link:https://hexsis.com[Hexsis^], shared his startup journey and the services his company provides.

>     ** This led to a massive discussion between him and Darshan Rander about gRPC—specifically when you should use it and when you absolutely shouldn't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** This led to a massive discussion between him and Darshan Rander about link:https://grpc.io[gRPC^] and when it should be used.
```

> * The gRPC talk naturally evolved into a broader group discussion about microservices, debating the architectural trade-offs of why, when, and how to implement them effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The discussion evolved to microservices, debating the architectural trade-offs of why, when, and how to implement them effectively.
```

* Darshan Rander sparked a conversation around Terraform and infrastructure design, referencing a great article on link:https://terrateam.io/blog/terraform-deployment-with-layered-architecture[Terraform deployment with layered architecture^].
* Alpesh Bhagwatkar shared his impressive career progression from an intern to COO at his startup, and broke down the architecture of a chatbot he built for their internal operations.

==== Additional resources

** link:https://www.gnu.org[The GNU Operating System^]
** link:https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-india[KubeCon + CloudNativeCon India^]
** link:https://grpc.io[gRPC Official Documentation^]

> ** link:https://github.com/libfuse/sshfs[SSHFS Repository^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
